LinkedIn is not just and social media
platform it's a hub for professionals
business decision makers and various
Industries and you can Target these
people or companies with pinpoint
accuracy on LinkedIn I'm John back beer
I'll be your instructor for this
[Music]
course so far I have managed more than
50 client accounts on LinkedIn
overseeing monthly budget ranging from
300 to millions of dollars during this
journey I have learned one or two things
and I'll do my best to share everything
I know each course Builds on the last so
you can go from LinkedIn as beginner to
professional this course is designed
specifically for B2B markers who want to
learn LinkedIn from scratch or aim to
maximize their return investment from
their current
[Music]
campaigns you will learn what kinds of
audiences you can Target on LinkedIn
from contact level company level
targeting and we will discuss the
[Music]
exclusions we are diving deep into all
the different at formats LinkedIn has
offer and break down the pros and cons
best practices an example of great
s you will discover how to create
LinkedIn campaigns from scratch covering
everything from budges to successful
lunch there are so many data points on
LinkedIn and if you don't know what to
look for and when to look for it you
will not only be overwhelmed but also
might end up analyzing the wrong
running test is a constantly evolving
process and you need to be able to pter
approach to get more efficient all the
time
[Music]